Checkpoint 1: Understanding Project Setup
What is the purpose of npm init -y?
- To quickly start a new project with a package. Json, for its dependencies. 
Why do we need express, cors, pg-promise, and dotenv?
- express is needed to quickly build the server.
- cors is needed for the backend and frontend to communicate (middleware).
- dotenv is needed to load database settings in the .env file.
What does the .env file do?
- The .env file holds the sensitive information for the project (db, API keys, etc.)

Checkpoint 2: Understanding Database Setup
What does pg-promise do?
- It helps us connect to a PostgreSQL database and run SQL queries.
Why do we use an object to configure the database connection instead of a single connection string?
- It keeps things organized, clear, and flexible when returning information. 

Checkpoint 3: Understanding Express Server
What does app.use(cors()) do?
- It allows websites from different locations to connect to our server.
Why do we need express.json()?
- It helps us read data sent in JSON format.
How can you change the port number of the server?
- Change 3000 in app.listen(3000, ...) to a different number.

Checkpoint 4: Understanding Routes
What is the difference between GET and POST requests?
- GET → Fetches data and POST → Adds new data.
What does $1 do in the SQL query?
- It is a placeholder for the value we insert (Insert one value)
What happens if a request is made to the POST route without a body?
- It will cause an error because name is required.

Checkpoint 5: Understanding API Testing
How can you test the GET route using Postman?
- Change request to GET, enter URL: http://localhost:3000/items, then click SEND 
What is the purpose of the -H and -d flags in the curl command?
curl command is used to send HTTP requests from the terminal. 
- -H stands for Header (-H "Content-Type: application/json")
- -d stands for Data and is used to send information in the request body.
 (-d '{"name": "New Item"})
What should you expect in the response when adding an item successfully?
A 201 Created or 200 OK Status Code
- This means the item was added successfully to the database.
A JSON Object Containing the New Item
- The response should include the item's details, including the id (which is automatically generated by the database).
